GeoShapeType.compare must return 0 for equal polygons (#16761)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.8.5.rst

- Fixed a regression introduced in 5.8.4 leading to a rejection of writes into
  a column of the ``OBJECT(IGNORED)`` type if it had an array sub-column with

>   mixed types.
> 
> - Fixed an issue that caused write operations to fail if a table contained
>   generated ``geo_shape`` column with ``Polygon`` or ``MultiPolygon`` type.

Reviewer: I think we should be more specific. Additionally, this is not only affecting `GeoShape` values containing `Polygon` or `MultiPolygon` as the new `test_check_equality` unit test will also fail for `LineString` values.

Not sure if my suggestion is correct:

```suggestion
  mixed types.

- Fixed an issue that caused write operations to fail if a table contains a
  generated ``geo_shape`` column and the user provides a correct value for this generated column.
```

>   generated ``geo_shape`` column with ``Polygon`` or ``MultiPolygon`` type.

Author: even "value is provided" case fails only for Polygons/MultiPolygons and LineString/MultiLineString (thanks for catching!).

I combined your suggestion and added enumeration of problematic shapes.
